(people screaming)
Man: Look out!
(crashing)
(growls)
(grunts)
Ulik, you are
not welcome here.
Where did a troll like you
get such a weapon of asgard?
I think you've more
pressing concerns, odinson.
(rumbling)
Ulik: Hmph.
What damage
have you done?
You'll soon find out.
Not again.
(grunts)
Prepare for your demise.
Long have I waited
for this day!
(repulsor ray firing)
(groans)
Iron man:
Mind if I crash the party?
Running a scan
on your playmate, thor.
One second
and I'll know exactly how
we should deal with...
Thor:
He is not of earth.
Even worse for you,
there is magic involved.
To me it's just science
I haven't figured out yet.
(yells)
(grunts)
(growls)
Have at thee,
prince of asgard.
Home run!
(roars)
(coughing)
He is down.
There is a much more
pressing concern.
I know, I know.
Lost asgardian battle ax.
Is this bad?
Very.
Ulik's arrival
from the underworld
is one thing.
His use of that weapon
reveals a terrible truth.
An ancient legend that
does not bode well for me.
Which legend
are you referring to?
The only one that has ever
mattered to me, my friend.
For on this day,
I may be destined to perish.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(thudding)
Where is it?
We must find ulik's weapon.
Unfortunately, it stinks
of your brand of science,
Which is keeping my onboards
from getting a fix on it.
Tell me more
about this legend.
Why is the ax
so important?
It cannot remain lost.
If it falls into
the wrong hands,
That weapon could mean
the end of the world.
Okay. Fine.
Let's head back
to the tower.
I can rig something
that will search
a lot better than we can.
(humming)
Inform skull that we've
secured the object.
(rapid firing)
Engaging latverian hostiles.
Go, go. Go!
(glass shattering)
Cap: How's the prisoner?
So far, he's
the ideal house guest.
Ulik, is it?
To what do we owe
the pleasure?
Ask the odinson.
My hatred of you
knows no bounds.
So I came here to see
if the legend was true.
(inaudible)
and score another point
for the so-called legend.
Fortunately,
I'm the kind of guy
That doesn't let
his friends go so easily.
Let's hit
the datacrux.
Thor:
This waiting is intolerable.
Listen, I'm using
everything I've got
To find ulik's
missing weapon.
Thor, your life
is up to you.
Not a legend.
Each of us has a path
that is fated to him.
This is mine.
I do not expect you
to believe.
Sorry, I don't do well
with cryptic.
In the meantime,
I think I've localized
The specific frequency
that was causing
So much interference
when I tried to scan ulik.
You found it?
You betcha.
Now, let's see
which beach
we're storming today.
Uh-oh.
Cap: That's
the latverian embassy.
That means...
(thor grunts)
Thor: Latveria.
So doom possesses
this weapon?
I'm gonna bill you
for that.
Why do I think
there's something
about this legend
Thor isn't telling us?
Red skull:  Von doom,
you have usurped
An artifact that is
rightfully mine.
It would seem
you are mistaken,
"iron skull."
The ax-hammer is mine.
I sent a squadron
of agents to retrieve it.
They became victims
of your accursed doom dogs.
Yes. A tragedy.
But the war
for world supremacy
demands casualties.
This weapon serves
a purpose that only I
can properly utilize.
And so I shall.
We have both heard
the legend of its purpose,
But you are tampering
with forces you cannot
possibly control.
Only together could we...
I am through
hearing your
pathetic sales pitch
For this so-called
cabal, skull.
This conversation...
(shattering)
...Is over.
And my own ascension
Has begun.
Iron man:
Time to call the play.
I've got everyone's
task assigned.
Please tell me it's me
detonating an
explosive arrow
Right under
doom's throne.
There is no time
to waste, archer.
We must retrieve this weapon
before more damage is done.
I'm already
bored here.
Don't drag
your knuckles yet, hulk.
Iron man's right.
Any move on the latverian
embassy has to be handled
With a sizable degree
of delicacy.
Falcon, hawkeye,
you're our recon team.
We need to get as much
boots on the ground intel
as possi...
(grunts)
Our two big guns
just flew the coop.
Not a bad plan.
This is no game, brute.
The weapon is our
primary objective.
Who cares about that?
I just wanna smash.
Iron man: Falcon,
you're air cover.
Falcon: Got it.
What're the odds
doom's on vacation?
Cap: We ever been that lucky?
Iron man: Nope.
This is barton.
I'm under the embassy.
(mechanical whirring)
(powering down)
(distant thudding)
Uh-oh.
You are trespassing.
(grunts)
I think that's
the last of them.
So what's next?
Do we just go inside?
Yeah. Find me
something else to hit.
(rumbling)
hmm?
You dare trespass
on latverian soil?
Is that it?
Thor: Yes.
Its power rivals
that of mjolnir.
So you do possess it.
How dare you carry
a weapon of asgard!
You want it back?
Come and get it.
(yells)
(hulk groans)
Iron man:
New battle plan, avengers.
Doom's power levels
are suddenly off the charts.
Missed.
Falcon?
I'm on it.
How'd he do that?
That's a thor trick.
(gasps)
(grunts)
what enchantment
Could this
mortal despot possess?
It's not
enchantment, thor.
He's modified it
with doomtech.
Thor: Modified or not,
its true purpose remains.
Indeed it does.
(all groan)
(people screaming)
Man 1: Look out!
Man 2: Whoa!
You dare not tamper
with legends
Too late. That which you fear
the most is on its way.
(distant roaring)
Iron man: Falcon, recon.
Falcon: I really don't
wanna know what thor fears.
(explosion)
(screaming)
Uh...
Iron man: That would be...
The midgard serpent.
The end of all things.
(roars)
(people screaming)
Getting a scan
on our new playmate.
Is it just me,
or is this thing
actually getting bigger?
Once unleashed,
the serpent will increase
in size and mass,
Until it is large enough
to feast on the earth itself.
Falcon:
Wait a minute.
He's gonna swallow
the entire planet?
Isn't that
what I just said?
Cap: This was ulik's plan
all along, wasn't it?
Thor: I am the only one
who can defeat
the midgard serpent.
At the cost
of my own life.
Come on, thor.
It's just another
big lizard.
We got more than enough muscle
to send it back to the swamps.
Yeah, we do.
No snake is gonna swallow
goldilocks while I'm around.
(roars)
hulk, no!
(growls)
(yells)
Okay.
I'd like to amend
my earlier statement.
(hissing)
You are mine, serpent.
(roars)
Doom is your master!
(grunts)
Did I miss anything?
(crowd clamoring)
I'll take that as a yes.
(crowd screaming)
Out for a few minutes,
and things turn into
a disaster movie.
Hawkeye, we need to get
these civilians to safety.
Falcon, obviously
we're short a big gun.
A big green one.
Go find him.
Bring him back here asap.
I'm on it.
You have fought well.
If all that I am
is to be ended on this day.
Not exactly a win
by avenger standards,
is it?
If I must fall
so the serpent falls,
then so be it.
Thor!
Soon you will be
my weapon, beast.
The rest of the world
will bow before me!
No force on earth
can contain
the serpent, doom!
We shall see.
(yells)
(explosion)
(panting)
(straining)
(falcon chuckling)
pretty easy to map
hulk's trajectory.
(siren wailing
in the distance)
Up and at 'em, greenie.
Come on, big guy.
Man, I am not giving you
mouth-to-mouth, got it?
(sighs) okay, falc,
time to prove it.
(straining) come on.
(people laughing)
Hope this works.
(grunts)
You'd better have
a really good reason
for doing that.
And I'm the only one
who can turn it
to my advantage.
No, you're the only one
foolish enough
To think you can control
a force you don't understand.
(both grunting)
You two can argue
mythology later.
Of an enormous lizard
doing his own renovations
on the manhattan skyline.
Dr. Doom:
Only I have the power
to tame the serpent
And make it my slave.
Well, that's
a great plan.
And impossible.
No mere mortal can control.
(screams)
(roaring)
Thor, there's got to be
a better way here.
Only by sacrificing
myself to the serpent
Can the earth be saved.
No. I don't accept that.
The legend
cannot be denied.
Iron man:
This is no time for...
It is doom whose destiny
shall be fulfilled today.
(grunts)
Neat trick.
No tricks, stark.
I command
this weapon now.
And in doing so,
will fulfill my promise
To the world,
to rule with
an iron hand.
You want an iron hand?
I've got two.
(groans)
You cannot possibly
fathom my capacity
to rule.
From this day forward,
There will only
be one true...
Yikes.
(roars)
Iron man:
Only one way out.
Re-route power
for an electroshock
exo-charge.
(roars)
(grunts)
(yells)
(cat screeches)
iron man:
This is humiliating.
(roars)
It's just you and I.
(serpent growling)
(yells)
(glass shattering)
Consume me
and spare earth.
(roars)
I enter valhalla proudly.
Thor:
How dare you interfere?
The legend
must be fulfilled.
It's the only way
to save this planet.
Sorry, thor,
I don't believe
anyone's destiny
Is automatically
chosen for them.
Besides, these
age-old legends
Never mentioned
the avengers, did they?
No.
Then get ready
to write a new one.
(weapons firing)
Listen, you and the serpent
going another 10 rounds
isn't gonna help anyone.
We just need
to get it out of here.
What do you say?
I will do whatever it takes.
(roaring)
Cap:  Iron man,
are you reading me?
Yeah, cap,
where are you?
We're at what's left
of the embassy.
Doom's back,
and you won't believe
what we're seeing.
This is the new
world order, monster!
(roars)
Get him off of there,
whatever it takes.
After what
he did to me,
it'll be my pleasure.
Your interference
is most unwelcome.
Watch it!
Whoa!
Thor: This is madness.
How did ulik get here?
Same as you, I'm assuming?
Not at all.
Trolls possess knowledge
of hidden rifts
That connect earth
and the asgardian underworld.
Then the first thing
we have to do
is find the rift.
I've still got ulik's
weird energy signal on file.
Now, discounting him
and the weapon,
Let's see if we can find it
anywhere else.
(computer beeps)
And there it is!
I think.
That's the spot
right there.
It's like a pinhole
in the fabric
of space-time.
It needs
a bigger jolt of power
to blow it wide open.
Any ideas?
Aye. Only one.
(thunder rumbles)
(yells)
Thor: There it is.
Ulik's passage back
to the underworld.
Then let's make
good use of it.
Dr. Doom:
Serpent, you shall become
a servant of doom.
Now and forever!
Think this
just got serious.
Iron man, the situation
has reached a crisis point.
What's your status?
Iron man:
Just hang tight.
You hit him high,
I'll hit him low.
Indeed.
We must drive it
to the portal.
(yells)
Doom, this is insane.
Even for you.
Let history
be my judge.
(grunts)
(hawkeye screams)
(roaring)
Wherever you're
wanting it to go,
it's not going.
Iron man: It's no use.
We need more power.
Falcon:
Heads up, guys.
Incoming.
Falcon?
Please tell me you...
I found him.
And he's coming your way...
(grunting)
Now!
Ready for round two.
(impact echoing)
(serpent roaring)
Pour it on.
Doom! You need
to get clear, now.
Dr. Doom:
Never! It is my destiny!
(yells)
(growls)
(roars)
Dr. Doom: No.
No!
(thor yells)
(thor grunts)
It worked.
We've done
the impossible.
The serpent's threat
has ended.
Hey, it's all
in a day's work.
Cap: What about doom?
I imagine he'll
have his hands full
In the asgardian
underworld.
(laughing) indeed.
The serpent will be
the least of his problems.
Well, it couldn't
have happened
to a nicer dictator.
(sirens wail)
Hawkeye: Yikes.
Somebody had better
call damage control.
I mean, unless you
wanna clean this up.
Whoa!
Can I use your face
as a shovel?
I think I'm getting
the hang of this whole
"saving the world" thing.
Iron man:
That's what it's all about.
You're not just
a house guest
at avengers tower.
Speaking of which...
What?
Ulik: This cannot be.
Surprised, ulik?
I heard the roar
of the serpent.
I felt the earth tremble.
If he is gone, then you
should have perished.
How is this possible?
I decided my own fate.
And odin will decide yours
in asgard.
Iron man: Yeah.
And don't forget
to tell dear old dad
That when it comes to
an avenger's destiny,
No one decides it for us.
Indeed.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org